I am working on project name campaign manager used to send communications to end user via different channels like sms, whatsapp, push notifications, rcs, email and orchestate(multiple channel in case of fallback).The campaigns can be marketing and promotional, anything company wants to send to there customers. For this we have 2 solutions one is sftp and other api based solutions. Currently SMS and whatsapp are sftp based, which means we upload file(contains records of customer to send) to one location in server, the bsp picked that file, execute them, in case of sms send reporting at same day 11 pm but in case of whatsapp by next night. Other channels are executing through api based solutions means we have apis we call them in batch through lambda by 500 size as they run through 15 min max capacity.Now I want to create an interactive reporting dashboard where with the help of this data i can show my client that which channel is most performing, which month, which customer reading the message and which are not so that they didn't send them to save money. Which month, which festival there is success, how much money spend for running this. I am working in india one of largest automobile company, so there campaigns is for related to that. The process of sending communication is first user create templates(of any channels) and can attach form in any template, then make campaign of single template, or multiple template no restriction, can be of same channel can be of multi channel. Then user create segments in which upload file of customers, then in this stage user map the dynamic placeholders in the template then in backend we do QC+dnd filtering. then user can schedule campaign in next step. Scheduling is of two types, manual and automated. Now I have to create dashbaord for next step that is reporting. Take reference from the industry top leading tools like Adobe Customer Journey Analytics (CJA), qlik, 2. Salesforce Marketing Cloud Intelligence (formerly Datorama), 3. Google Looker (via Looker Studio), Mixpanel, 5. CleverTap / MoEngage (focused on mobile-first automotive apps), Netcore Customer Engagement & Analytics (Indian market leader), Braze (used globally for omni-channel marketing analytics) how to represent data in a way that a client understand what is going through and what to be do to saves money + effective marketing. I want dashbaord single page that is tailored in
Multichannel analytics (SMS, email, WhatsApp, push, RCS, etc.)
Customer engagement metrics (open rate, click rate, churn, conversion)
Journey orchestration reporting
Personalization & segmentation insights
Real-time dashboards and KPI monitoring
I have done some R&D at my ends also and identify how dashboard look like, means in which part which section come, but i am noob in the UX designing, take a look and check if that is well logical or not then take reference from the world best tools listed above how thing are done and create me an app in angular framework using primeng library. I am attaching the layout plus the UI of there sections also like how they look, you analyse all things like kpi, Ui and then judge if my is best then make same or if you have better options then make yours. I have screenshots of different app, so they look like of different theme, you dont do that, which evenr section you pick, follow same theme in all sections. Currently we have few bsp's so make UI in a way that if in all channels we have 5-10 bsp we can show UI in effective way. Currently we have different bsp in whatsapp and rcs channel only, so the attached photo of that is like that. Also this is new requirement from client:
Budget vs Performance Dashboard
Spend vs Leads/Conversions/Impressions/Clicks.
Cost Per Outcome Metrics
CPL (Cost per Lead), CPC (Cost per Click), CPM (Cost per 1000 impressions).
also we will display, whenever a campaign is about to star or under progress that
so and so campaign is now going to start at 3:25 PM
or campaign this has jss startedexecution
I have attached few screenshots how sections look like, First screenshot is of layout as per my understanding, I want all in single page, by click user can either navigate or open popup but this code is going to be integrate in existing application so do code like that. In attached screenshots identify the screnshot of the sections, few section i have not screenshot can make UI by yourself. I want modern, beautiful UI that can not be beat also by looking at them first glance user understand mostly things. Also attached excel of the kpi's approved by client take a look a them.there is to be campaign calender also, plus if possible i want AI suggestions in each sections. Currently we have data for only 15 days, but I want the app in a way that as long as it grows old we show more sections, AI suggestion insights with more data. This can have data for crores of customer, so make a app in a way that the thing we can load in night by large data, some are live/real in all day so that app is not overload/hang. Make app in angular framework +prime ng not in react.App should be in angular please make sure can be of angular 15 and app should be accessible, have tabIndex, security as per standard, optimised code. DOnt make backed, just create angular app and make constant data in file, call api but fetch data from mock data not calling real api's.
